# #Rigorous Modules & Usage
#Rigorous is an Open-source ml-lib under MPL-2.0 License.
Because of the feature of `Week Copyleft`, you can choose to close-source the primary copy of #Rigorous in your open-source repository.  
See also: LICENSE

So far, #Rigorous can be used as a lib-file and there's no need to commit another one.
We suggest you to add it to the Include path as a 3rd-party standard lib.

## Clone #Rigorous
Use `git clone`, or download .zip file in https://www.github.com/classzheng/rigorous.  

Use
```linux
git clone https://www.github.com/classzheng/rigorous.git
```
to clone #Rigorous to your local repository.

## Set as a 3rd-party Standard Library  
All of the header files of #Rigorous can be set as 3SL. For different compilers, you can search for the Include path by the debug information.  
There's nothing else to be here.

This is a static lib, copy the source file under Rigorous-main/src/ to the Include path directly.  
Easily, after setting up, you can use the following code to include #Rigorous:  
```cpp
#include <rigorous.h>
```

## <rigorous.h> Compiling Macros
See also: Rigorous-main/src/rigorous.h  
Here's the list of them:  
 - `$DISABLE_ALL` Macro  Disable all of the functions in #Rigorous  
 - `$DISABLE_ANN` Macro  Disable `ANN` & `Autograd` Lib  
 - `$DISABLE_SVM` Macro  Disable `C-SVM`  
 - `$DISABLE_RF`  Macro  Disable `Random-Forest`  
The above macros are `defined`, use `#define $RIGOROUS_MACRO` pattern is enough.

All of the namespaces have been referenced in `namespace Rigorous`, so you can use `Rigorous::C1A55` to use the classes.  

classzheng相信您也不是若至, 应该是有点阅读理解能力的, 您大可以从Rigorous-main/examples/下的demo (写了, 待补commit) 来读懂它, 后续也将递交数学基础的相关文档.  
毕竟, 这是学习用途的嘛.  
--  classzheng 2026.3.7
